Akhmetshin E M, Vasilev V L, Mironov D S, et al. Internal control system in enterprise management: Analysis and interaction matrices[J]. 2018.

VORONKOVA O V, KUROCHKINA A A, FIROVA I P, et al. Implementation of an information management system for industrial enterprise resource planning[J]. Revista Espacios, 2017, 38(49).

Anikina Y A, Fefelov A A, Malanina Y N. Research of adaptive features of industrial enterprise crisis management system[C]//IOP Conference Series: Materials Science and Engineering. IOP Publishing, 2019, 537(4): 042074.


Victor P, Roman P. Management of functionaries’ development of the enterprise management system by application of the criteria experts assessment by method of functional reliability[J]. Economics, Management and Sustainability, 2018, 3(1).


Feng L. Design and Implementation of ERP Management System for Manufacturing Enterprise[C]//Journal of Physics: Conference Series. IOP Publishing, 2019, 1345(6): 062018.


Schmeleva A N. Evaluation and improvement of the operating efficiency of enterprise quality management system (QMS): Conceptual bases[J]. Calitatea, 2017, 18(160): 100.

Skobelev P O, Simonova E V, Smirnov S V, et al. Development of a knowledge base in the “smart farming” system for agricultural enterprise management[J]. Procedia Computer Science, 2019, 150: 154-161.

Drobyazko S, Barwińska-Małajowicz A, Ślusarczyk B, et al. Innovative entrepreneurship models in the management system of enterprise competitiveness[J]. Journal of Entrepreneurship Education, 2019, 22(4): 1-6.